Please go and say hello to Qu Zichang and the others first.
I'm going to watch the football club, and the president will come to you in a while
Yeah, OK.
Excuse me.
Isn't this sorry?
Why did you just come?
I was delayed on the way.
Oh, dear.
It's okay, it's okay, don't you have a car?
It's normal to be late, hahaha.
Don't use my side?
Nobody knows, right?
Cheng Feng divorced his wife
I've been having a hard time lately
Hey, it just so happens that everyone is here today
Why don't you do a fundraiser for Chengfeng?
Why don't you take this opportunity today?
Learn from Zijun how to make money
Zijun
I just made 1 million and now I'm rich
Don't say that. Don't say that
Rich again
Are we classmates too?
Well, I'm buying this dinner today.
Great Zijun
Just tell me
How on earth did you become so rich?
Hi, how about recently?
I am speculating in futures
Not everyone can operate this thing
So awesome
Zijun, are you worthy of our classmates cutting like this?
return
Chen Feng wants me to say that maybe you stutter too much
He has introduced you to another job.
I don't need to look for a job
I said ride the wind
You are too old
It's time to think about yourself and your family
What difficulties do you have?
Just tell me.
I'll definitely help!
Yeah, no wonder they got divorced.
How can anyone dare to be with you like this?
Sorry I'm late.